---
author: John
comments: true
date: 2008-10-31 18:28:37+00:00
excerpt: <p><strong>David C</strong> welcomed people to the meeting noting that people
  continue to sign up; there are now about 30 people on the list. The monthly meeting
  on a Wednesday had ten people at its last meeting; the Friday pub meeting had six.</p>
layout: post
redirect_from: /october-29th-2008-a-meeting-place-and-what-we-should-do
slug: october-29th-2008-a-meeting-place-and-what-we-should-do
title: October 29th 2008 A meeting place and what we should do
wordpress_id: 1380
categories:
- Past Meetings
---

**David C** welcomed people to the meeting noting that people continue to sign up; there are now about 30 people on the list. The monthly meeting on a Wednesday had ten people at its last meeting; the Friday pub meeting had six.




The group now has an irc channel, a wiki, a website, a members page and a Facebook group through which people can communicate.




Bradford College, which owns the building, has asked for Â£56 to hire the room; various alternatives were discussed including affiliating to the university students' union, making a link with lifelong learning, finding a room at a public library and finding a room at a pub.




Among the themes and topics for the group are:






  * covering both newbie and expert interests


  * spreading Linux: the possibility of holding an installfest/demonstration of how to install Linux was discussed


  * what we were promoting: free software? Linux? open source applications? Distributions used by members include Ubuntu (most), openSUSE, Debian, Slackware and Gentoo


  * lobbying, for example, the Council about the use of open source though this was not seen as an immediate priority


  * supporting businesses: some members have had discussions about developing an organisation to support local businesses using Linux; this would be a separate entity but would look to draw on expertise within the Group.




There was an interesting discussion on the value of GPG keys; it was agreed that this should be a topic for a future meeting.



